The road was crossed several times.
It was not a stationary group.
Um, I thought that that in substance is the...
The gesture point went off.
What was the condition of Mr. Cohn that that time was being angry and disturbed on the
one end of being calm on the other end?
Well, first I had never personally met Mr. Cohn before.
I talked with him on a phone.
I don't think that I was sitting before.
I thought he was very angry.
I do not know his characteristic makeup, so maybe he wasn't, but I thought he was quite
angry.
I thought he was going to talk, but...
What was the effect?
Because his time that fell on me was kind of over there.
Because it was exciting, because you were not.
Well, I was embarrassed, first, because he was against a North-South post.
Um, I had never had an experience with congressional committees, so I didn't know whether
he really was entitled to cleanse or not.
I didn't think he was.
And then my decision was for...
I'd recommend the court marbles that there be no unusual cleanse as given.
The incident was surprising to me because I didn't expect it.
I was also happy and happy because I knew that Mr. Adams had had some conversations with
Mr. Cohn and sent him a copy of body questions.
Personally, I had not liked the type of investigation or the public did was coming out about
the army because I'm glad he earned it.
And then I think we do a good job about Rodding Thomas.
And I was afraid that in my own life, I'm hearing people talk, but maybe Mr. Cohn was
just so I'd not send that pressure to the South.
That was in that, so...
I had no interest.
What was the opinion importance of this trace of the case that caused me to start by a
little group of officers here before?
Prior to the arrangement for the trip, I was in Mr. Stephen's office.
I think probably on there, so before, I'm not sure the date made with 17.
When Mr. Adams said if he was going to prepare something like that, and he talked to
him and he talked in general about how he would prepare for my memory, so he was right.
It was to the effect that the investigations that Ford Monmouth has served in no particular
useful process.
They have brought forth no knowledge of the union.
I mean, did not now already have, that the publicity would damage from the national
and the national standpoint.
And we have good relations with the committee, but that's my knowledge.
I'm just being a bystander in most of it.
And we know he was a part of the question he shouldn't go out trying to responsibility
over the army.
That was the assumption.
Now, on the air, Mr. Adams had that question, he's willing.
I know he showed it to Senator McCarthy.
I do not remember Mr. Cohen looking at it, but he may have.
I think perhaps he did because, as we got off the plane, Mr. Adams gave me this question,
and I think that he used to have some changes in it, and I asked that I have him money
to grasp up there.
Of course, I used the army's chain of command.
I gave him to the test court, and he got to money to grasp.
I did not read them.
Those were ones of the activists.
You know, we made sure it changed again the press release.
They were made to best of my knowledge between Mr. Adams and Mr. Cohen, and they sent
him a copy on the plane.
I did not pay any attention to that, so it was a big unfortunate.
Now, there's a second building infected in which Mr. Cohen was not admitted.
I think there was.
I don't know what is that created anything because, on the left, the first building, the
weather worked in the next place, and everybody knew who he was, and who couldn't go in,
so I'm just a little bit of writing that that's all.
I think Mr. Cohen was taken to another building to show some non-class, to be shown some
non-classified data and no information.
But about that time, I was getting concerned with getting more of a case back and making
sure everybody got the top of charge, and I remember his little hazy on that.
What was the effect upon Mr. Adams of Mr. Cohen's outburst?
Well, as I can't tell you what was in his mind, his expression, and the care that he
didn't like that he felt uncomfortable, that he was concerned about the press release because
he told me he was.
And Mr. Downley, uncomfortable situation, he tried to talk to Mr. Cohen.
Well, he's easily perfectly, I believe.
As you would do to any guest in your house or in your own installation where something
unpleasant might have happened.
Were you likewise there, because you were going to be a little bit, once you know that
date?
Yes sir.
For example, when the secretary made some statements in the nature of an apology, yes sir.
Did you feel that an apology was in order?
Well, apologies, no matter the definition, I guess, on each top of an individual, but
the students are very gentlemanly type of man.
Had I been the man doing it, I might have been a little rougher on Mr. Cohen.
Mr. Stevens was trying to make me feel at home, I think.
And he wanted to know that it was not his personal insult or anything like that, this was
a matter of regulation.
And it was his decision he made it right or wrong, he decided he hurt his children.
Some would take the origin of apology or this would not.
But I say I might have had a little differently, it's a matter of an individual take.
Now, the number of this great army of which you play your proud, and of which we are all
proud, with great proud mutations, the secretary of self-destruct, did you feel that it was
becoming to the highest officer of that army to make an apology to Mr. Cohen and Mr.
Stevens?
It's never unbecoming to be polite as much as you nature, unless Mr. Stevens' nature.
I think it was.
I said I would not have done it that way, but then I'm not Mr. Stevens.
You said that you had gone down the hallway about chemical patients.
You heard an explosion back there and it came around and went back to talk to Mr. Cohen.
And then just a minute, as you were further, and you said you had since blown away, you
had been able to see the situation.
And then just a minute, as you were further, and you said you had since blown away, that
Lieutenant Carl was present in the office.
It's not a court.
Of course, it's not a court, it's not a court, it's present in Mr. Slotter.
I'm curious to know why you put it that way.
Well, since blown away, he went back and saw that he was under that.
No, I met him there for the first time.
I go up to first with the secretary and fly it off and we show out about hundreds of people.
In other words, you saw those two in the town, and they were going on the work of the secretary.
I met him the first time and I was at an memory of him then sometimes.
He went by a few people around, and he was the driver to the car.
I've taken no particular attention until it made it off.
You can find anybody else here who's named you new at the time.
You recognize anybody at the time.
Well, I know quite a few of the officers at Martin's there, and I have to laboratory,
but most of them I met at the other building.
If it's a particular building, I don't think so.
I have no need to, that you can identify as having over the conversation in a building.
You may know that maybe it's Mr. Ring, though overheard it, I don't know, sir.
I think he was crossed the road.
Maybe it's Mr. Jones, then.
He said that as you've progressed to the 60th column, he was facing back and forth across the road.
So, you might have heard him from now.
I could have been there.
It was about 20, 30 feet wide or maybe less.
It was a great and a good day outside.
I was in front of the door.
The conversation was a little loud, I suppose, but he was very audible.
Well, I imagined it was.
Although I don't remember him raising his voice too greatly.
I mean, he goes at possibly them as far as you know, the time the conversation was going to be over.
He was very glad.
The time is cord.
Mr. Schottelings, Mr. Jones, Mr. Ring.
I mean that, sir.
Anybody else who's assigned to a match?
Well, there are many things if you can identify it.
If you're asked, Mr. Adams, of course, was best.
You're right.
Did you stay with Mr. Kohn throughout the underage of these security courtes?
I don't know that we wrote back on the same side from the security of building.
I'm going to follow the target within this particular book.
If you stay with Mr. Kohn throughout that infection, you're most of the time.
I think I left him and I wonder what's the city new building that's probably the other building.
I was pressing on the short, but I don't even know what to say at all.
Did he remain hourly and allocated and household without the credit of the infection or did you have to explain the situation?
Playkitty to someone.
Well, it was sort of a slow summer, I think, sir.
It came down from the hotbed all the way to the center.
You make some progress.
It's quite a work of work.
You know, I'm the last man in the world normally to object to pressing by the chair of the matured, yet anywhere.
But when I saw that there's no question about the fact that Mr. Kohn was here at this time,
and I'm glad it's worked on the overnight access of the building.
But there's nothing whatsoever to do with the army charges of clutches to get special considerations.
I'm willing to increase in that any platform that's Kohn's here at this, that land over here at the Jones area.
Why are we wasting time on something that's not in the trend that I don't know?
Why are we going to do this?
I'm really up to this point.
If Tom's waiting at the conversation, he's right Mr. Kohn, he's something to be affected.
To the world, I was only in the end up to get the heck out of the army, etc.
Was this at the age that he was at what you call a hot boil or by the time he got down the way to school?
I'd say it reasonably up towards the top of the notch, sir.
That's his beginning.
He's right there. He went out there.
That's good. But I'd say this conversation lasts at maybe 15 or 20 minutes.
But again, I do not know Mr. Kohn well.
That was the first time so I had to rename somebody else and judge how his tent was locked off.
As an important officer in the army, if you have a considerable consideration of something serious and dire,
it was going to happen to the army now.
Well, I've always done with the opinion so that the American Army can take care of itself,
or I don't want you to see people try to get a hold of it and do something to it.
You were not particularly concerned and simply was done with the alleged actions.
That's right.
So, you know, if I run this temporarily, I think some official business, then the good.
So, I'm a little bit of a fine-time to agree with the Senator McCartney that this has no greater world-shaking bearing upon the issue that it's the fall.
But certainly these explosive, never-the-mind is intensified, too, and ventilated, but he's freely in the theory.
So, I suppose there's no nothing law, so I'm taking a just little step further.
Did you all leave Washington on the same plane with the exception of Senator Smith and Representative Alton Paul?
That's right, sir.
And what time did you leave Washington?
About 10-15, sir.
And what was the plan about coming back to Washington?
We were flied up on the same plane when the study starts, our inspection of that.
And when did you actually leave for this to come back?
This is for months, sir.
I need it for months.
Well, I think we must have left before we got in Washington.
I believe about 4-15 in the afternoon.
I have to check that to the action.
It's about an hour and an hour and seven minutes flight, and about two minutes drive from Fort Monty.
Well, that means that you land a day roughly about a hour and 11.30, and when less day is probably about three a month.
That's about right.
So, you had substantially about three and a half hours there.
That's one after three.
Well, now what year did it plan when you went up there?
What was the occupying today?
Well, I've been having to do with particular plans for the occupying.
If they have to, one, the secretary had never expected Fort Monty.
There's other routines that you find yourself in when the secretary of the Army goes on the post, especially if he has been there.
He has obviously met with a commanding officer and goes on to do select staff that he wants.
And when they were showing him the post, the post is best life.
I do not know, precisely what was in general, my mind.
I know that he had planned to explain to us what the purpose of the post was, that portion of the post was.
And talk about the loyalty, security problems, or procedures, not specific problems, because that's what he did.
And that, after having arrived, arrived, bringing interviews, getting shaken down, so to speak, getting it out, getting slight orientation of what the post was about,
and taking this motorcade around, coming back and talking while we had lunch.
And then sent him a staff that was like a pair having a first conference, when he signed up, that took all the time.
Well, no, couldn't lie, not a very high-pass man, here, as far as my office is concerned.
But as certainly a reluctant to let a staff man go, spend the day on a social chaunt, on a site that he goes away on a public business, then does something worth laughing, constructions.
And that was the reason for asking whether there was a plan.
Now, he had to leave my office directly at 9 o'clock to get down to the airport, and get back, perhaps, to have that five in the afternoon, so he would go on a whole week.
Now, that was the truth, the rest of the members of the committee said, and that leads up to this question.
If you took a whole day and took a crowd of people up there who are busy, off the Capitol Hill, and suddenly you got up to 11 o'clock that bothered the secret things, and they couldn't get in,
would you be ILA-2, would you be mad? Not a few ways to devil, and suddenly it's far and not a few one of them want any of my business.
Well, now they make a lot of noise, home, gloating, and tempered, and getting a little explosive and aggressive.
I don't know what attitude to one of my assistant experts up there, he has never told me about it.
He said to stay, and he spent the day, I said, what did you do?
He said, well, if the company is exactly nothing, which was when he got to the place where there was some things that probably would have been interesting, we couldn't get in, and then the army hadn't either made provisions for the necessary clearances before that Washington.
And he made under those circumstances, frankly the junior senator, Illinois would have been mad if the devil had gone.
Well, maybe so, I didn't get the impression that Hell's Angel was very mad. He spent far better time with me.
He wrote a powerful, so we'll reach out for about 10 minutes until we can go and open the back.
You have just heard the chairman declare a brief recess. The ABC television network is bringing you the complete hearings into the McCarthy Army controversy.
The noise that you heard just a few moments ago is the other system, which is the complete all over Capitol Hill.
It is complete in all the Carter, the Senate office building, here in the Great Caucus Room, in the Carter to the Capitol itself, the Carter to the House Office building, even down the basement in the subways.
All over Capitol Hill, the buzzer system was called the members of the Senate and the members of the House to the floor when a quorum is being called or a vote is being called or a roll call is being called.
And that was the noise that you heard just a few moments ago, and the result was announced a moment later by Senator Montenegro when he said that they would have to recess for a few minutes while the members of the committee went over to the floor of the Senate to vote.
And of course this is a brief respite for the members of the committee, for the members of the press, the reporters of the covering this session and also for the spectators who are here in the caucus room to witness the hearing today, this is the 20th day of the hearing.
It must have sang clear the associate council, Mr. Jenkins, there is Mr. Truett on the left, Mr. Cohn, Senator and Mr. Jim Juliano on the right.
The gentleman, to see back to the young chap with the crew cut in the heavy, a large, maharmed room, black with sitting there, just behind the macadie edge of the table, is a member of the staff of the Senate Radio and Television Gout.
And he is there to help out the television and radio correspondent, that is Bob Hopp.
He's there quite frequently and I'm sure that you have wondered who he is, so often in the background, just behind Senator McCarty, chap with the crew cut in the heavy and black with Bob Hopp, a member of the staff of the Senate Radio and Television Gout.
And he is helping out all of the radio and television correspondent, the lady there in the light, great suit, with Mrs. Ruth Youngwatch, the committee clerk.
And now here is Gunner Back.
This is Gunner Back speaking from the Senate Caucus Room and here is the special council of the Bob Committee investigating the McCarthy Army case.
Mr. Ray Jenkins, Mr. Jenkins, the reporters have been asking you and I might as well begin by asking you what's your forecast and for the quitting day.
I think to be the main question. Back I am sure that we will put one day next week, I guess would be the latter part of the week.
You think we'll finish next week? I am, I'm sure of that. And you have no feeling that Gunner McCarty will stay on the stand as long as the Stephen said.
I certainly do not. That is based on my knowledge of what Senator McCarty knows about the issues in this controversy.
It is based on Mr. Welch's statement, made openly as I remember, that he has no plans or intentions, whatever of cross-examining Senator McCarty.
He has a great length and there is a bachelor's position on the part of all of the parties to speed these gains.
And I am sure that and how they handle their security procedures. Then I would assume it would get something out of them unless they already knew.
This equipment in this building, I have seen much military radar radio equipment.
Frankly, he would have had to have a vote only to find out what was in there. I do not think anyone could have looked at it.
It was a layman and either gained anything or lost anything from that particular court.
It would be up to Mr. Rainville's judgment as to what he got from the trip, as it would be to any individual who went.
I think that is.
Thought the only conclusion I could draw from.
Well, now Colonel Fisher is a wholly speculative person.
If you had a clear view of that at the time you were making these time and face the arrangements, would you have gotten clear in for every body of the party to end of that laboratory?
Not more so of a certain that they had a need to know that information.
That's a prime prerequisite of security classification military service.
Even as it turned on the Secretary of the Army's office, I am not allowed to have information that I have no need to know.
So I was asked to ask your name beforehand. I did not have time. That's why I made an association. I made that on the day of the day.
Well, now there's been a bit of a speculation as to whether Mr. Comberton type of the end of that software or not.
Do you know whether he had a high clearance on other locations before this moment?
No, I do not know. Well, now I understand the years that he did have that he was made available to him.
Great many details concerning confidential matters. Because he did, you know, as a matter of fact, I think it was the case.
I have a fire that he had come into the deck of a secretive and confidential data.
I don't doubt the description of that, there are however the military persons who was in charge of classified information or equipment.
Cannot afford to take chance.
And I think in the answer to the time that you always must make the choice against the person seeking interest and the interest unless you specifically and precisely know.
We did not know on this case and I know no investigation has occurred and made that test to take your time.
Well, come on.
No doubt that I will vote on the time of the time.
I'll let me have one question and then I should have concluded with some of the votes.
I'm fully sensible about what you say, but I still make the point, you know, that a whole day with the voters of this is that late.
When they come to that one piece of information they might have done or a satisfaction of going into a theft of a fee something that was quite worthwhile, the answer was that no plan was made for their clearance and what those thoughts do to the average temper.
I think that's just a little.
Attocation, the language that is picked in a higher note than ordinary conversation.
And I think if something in the nature of a statement that, well, this means an investigation from here on out.
But we're going to elect the army.
Or this is the end of the secretary's job.
That's in the great American manner in the great American tradition.
How we go in for those expressions that deal with the supervot here.
And frankly, I can't make too much out of that incident on the basis of the testimony.
A little bit of my line, sir, and I may have made that statement I was in a reprimanded immediate.
Well, Colonel, I was in the army once and I can understand your deliverance.
I'm not telling you that, sir.